honey I'm sure Tom today I'm going to
show you how to make vegetarian one ton
soup and I have this food processor I
mix in with cabbage shiitake mushroom
sorry broccoli and green onion and
nuraghe green I blend it for maybe like
30 minutes there's a texture that you
want I have a small kitchen is perfect
so now I'm going to do is I have the
vegetable already blended I'm going to
put it right here into my stainless
steel ball okay and for some reason when
I blend this vegetable that's not much
juice so this is good but if you get a
little bit that's okay but if you have a
lot that you want to squeeze out the
juice okay so this is good for me I like
it like this
and I have a 1/4 and tofu and I just
smash the tofu like this okay okay and
then I'm going to sprinkle some salt and
we're seasonly the vegetarian or the
vegetable black pepper and we will put a
little bit of garlic and ginger okay and
then a little bit of the sesame oil get
them a nice paper and mix it well like
this mix it well the vegetable I put in
here that don't have a lot of juice if
you use Napa and they can I have a lot
of juice oh you brow then you need
to squeeze out the juice but I'm using
dried mushrooms shiitake in the raw
green and the cabbage so smells really
good
the sesame oil get in a really nice
flavor so there's no juice plus I using
the firm tofu so now this is a good
feeling for vegetarian
nice Ducati mushroom flavor for the one
time that will give you a really nice
flavor combined with the crunchy cabbage
give you a great texture it's ready to
wrap I show you how to do it okay now
I'm going to show you how to wrap the
one time first you will get this fresh
one ton skin from the Asian market
and sometimes they come in frozen in
that case you need to defrost it and
make sure they are nice floppy like this
separated each one is she evenly like
this and this is the filling I have and
I have one egg here and I'll show you
how to wrap okay so basically you're
just going to put some filling in the
middle of the one time and your four in
my half don't have to be perfect
tap some egg on this side and then you
just roll around I just okay show you a
few holes that's how you do it
and then the meantime I have a pop of
the stop boiling and you can use chicken
stock or you can use vegetable stock any
way you like just how you do it okay
this time take right here go around okay
show you closer you can see okay take
one this I'm filling in don't have to be
a lot that this one time skin is some
high one time skin very dim okay show
you see you put a little bit here and
you have the firm tofu and all the
vegetables use a food processor and they
have like really nice flavor
doesn't go wrong okay I'm going to show
you the rest okay I have a pot of the
water boiling so I'm going to tend the
heat a little bit because the one time
don't eat require this high heat we
don't want the one time to be break
apart so I'm going to turn down to
medium I sprinkle some salt and some
pepper okay
and the soy sauce as you wish maybe just
a little bit get a little flavor like
this just a little bit okay and then let
it go to sesame oil we go to garnish
with some green onion and roasted garlic
like this okay
alright now we just want the suit to
have little boiling like this okay we're
ready to put a 100
so all the one time is beautiful stay
right here and you can just pick it up
by your hand like this see that
beautiful almost like a little boat and
you cannot make this one time ahead of
time and put it in the refrigerator and
you can just cook as many as you wish
okay I think this is good enough so see
the water is turning down a little bit
so we're going to crank that heat a
little bit we just want to make sure we
don't want the too hot of the water to
break the one time just gently go like
this if you want to add pork or chicken
or ground turkey that's fine and I find
out I'll show you my processor this this
is one of my small processor right here
this one KitchenAid the small one it's
just perfect and you just use the
chopped for not even more than a minute
and the jus stay inside here we go you
see how beautiful just going to take
about two three minutes because all
vegetable and this John - skin is very
thin I like it this is one of my
favorite it's very popular
it's a great way to have like snack just
something light and if you have spinach
or cilantro or anything you want a
garnish later will be fine
okay once you can tell the doodoo tender
soft this is done because usually with
here which is cooking the noodle is that
one time though the filling is going to
be yummy and tasty so just like that
really don't need to bring out to a boil
and if you want you can have a taste of
your bra mmm very good actually the one
time some part of the flower the one
time I get the soup another kind of
flavor so okay a little bit soft see
this is the medium heat the soup start
bring up to the boil it's done it's
beautiful all the one time look
beautiful swimming nice and good nothing
broke beautiful maybe just a little high
heat like this that soup is done here's
your vegetarian healthy yummy one time
soup I garnish with some green onion and
the roaster garlic is the option look at
that how beautiful the one ton Oh
delicious
I'm chef Tom thank you for watching I
see you next time